#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Chuu & Go Won - See Saw"
(Go won is working hard to make good music video for her single)
Choerry: Go Won! Could say 'Rwa', please?
Go Won: Rwa...?
Choerry: Yes. Rwa!
Go Won: Show me first!
Choerry: Rwa~
Choerry: Rwaa~
Choerry: Rwaaa~ Like this!
Choerry: In a cute way
Choerry: Cute!
Go Won: Ah...
Go Won: It's a little embarrassing...
Choerry: Show me what you got, Chuu!
Chuu: About what?
Choerry: I mean 'Rwa~'
(It's so easy for her...)
Choerry: It's your turn, Yves!
Yves: Wow...
Yves: Rwa?
Choerry: Let's go, Go Won!
(Go Won, don't be ashamed!)
(She did it!)
Yves: Choerry~
Yves: I'm really excited to see how you're doing!
Go Won: Right! I'm also very excited!!
Choerry: Don't say that!
(Everyone, please don't forget that she is a youngest member of LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE!)
(And Chuu's 'Rwa' is back again!)